Mom, I miss you so much.
It seems he really thinks of me as his mother
Mom misses you too haha
He was supposed to be such a good boy.
How can you become a demon?
Mom, let's start the live stream.
Live stream mom doesn't want to live stream
We haven't seen each other in a long time
Mom will accompany you to chat for a while, okay?
No, I want you to live stream.
Okay, don't say it right away, now
Mom, why do so many people like you?
Because mom never hurts people.
Ah, thank you family for coming to my live stream.
It's 12 midnight now.
Sleepy families should go to bed early
Don't be a master anymore
I beg you.
Master, did you see it?
The devil child actually fell into his real body
It was live with Yuchen.